[SYCL][Graph] Add support for CUDA backend (#11133)
intel/llvm: sycl/doc/design/CommandGraph.md

Future work will include exploring L0 API extensions to improve the mapping of
UR command-buffer to L0 command-list.

### CUDA

The SYCL Graph CUDA backend relies on the
[CUDA Graphs feature](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-c-programming-guide/index.html#cuda-graphs),
which is the CUDA public API for batching series of operations,
such as kernel launches, connected by dependencies.

UR commands (e.g. kernels) are mapped as graph nodes using the
[CUDA Driver API](https://docs.nvidia.com/cuda/cuda-driver-api/group__CUDA__GRAPH.html#group__CUDA__GRAPH).
The CUDA Driver API is preferred over the CUDA Runtime API to implement

> the SYCL Graph backend to remain consistent with other UR functions.

Reviewer: Can we add a brief statement, why that is the case?

> Synchonizations between commands (UR sync-points) are implemented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Synchronization between commands (UR sync-points) is implemented by
```

using graph dependencies.

Executable CUDA Graphs can be submitted to a CUDA stream
in the same way as regular kernels.
The CUDA backend enables enqueuing events to wait for into a stream.
It also allows signaling the completion of a submission with an event.
Therefore, submitting a UR command-buffer consists only of submitting to a stream
the executable CUDA Graph that represent this series of operations.

> An executable CUDA Graph, which contains all commands and synchonization

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An executable CUDA Graph, which contains all commands and synchronization
```
